Update the roadmap for our team (#87)
DFE-Digital/register-early-career-teachers-public: documentation/site/content/product/objectives.md

---
title: Our team's objectives
---
All of these items of work are related to our objectives as a team. Our objectives are structured to enable us to meet the Teaching CPD vision of services serving their core purposes and being flexible enough to adapt to future change and opportunities.

> Our objectives are centered around how we can make it easierfor schools, lead providers and appropriate bodies to support and train ECTs and mentors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our objectives are centred around how we can make it easierfor schools, lead providers and appropriate bodies to support and train ECTs and mentors.
```

1. Reduce workload for schools when registering early career teachers and their mentors for training 🏫
2. Improve data quality and the flexibility of the services by changing the data model and migrating data cleanly to Register early career teachers 👾
3. Better meet lead provider needs by showing the right data over the Lead provider API, improving documentation and updating validation rules ☁️
4. Improve understanding of financial information internally and make sure payments are calculated correctly 💰
5. Ensure the successful development of the Register early career teacher services by planning for dependencies, risks and communications 🗒️
6. Minimise time and money spent on support tasks by creating improved joint support and finance tooling 🦸
7. Improve how data on ECF is reported and create performance metrics for the new Register early career teachers services 📊
8. Reduce confusion for users by helping them understand how the Register early career teacher services are structured, the service's purposes and their own responsibilities ✏️
9. Build services that are safe, protect privacy and are tested and documented well 🔨

> 10. Save time for appropriate bodies to submit induction data for early career teachers and check relevant training information in 1 place ⏲️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Make it easier for appropriate bodies to submit induction data for early career teachers and check relevant training information in 1 place ⏲️
```
